with you sl and I was asked to tell
what did we do today
we were up in the morning
still early 630 I still have
the vessels in the head are so constricted that they are not
Can you imagine how much I'm not used to?
Now get up and page after
we got up at 6:30 here in this terrible hour
tattered confiscated sandwiches format
and rushed to Domodedovo arrived
boarded the plane with a bunch of waterways
which you have either seen or which
still see on our channels including
on the channel here's a fan and maybe even on
main site
world of tanks so here we are all this crowd
arrived here in Minsk sat then waited
when will the strange driver arrive
which in Minsk is probably exactly the same
first time like most waterways
because he was lost and we were looking for our
hotel exemplary
20 this is the hotel where we are renting now
this video and after that we went on
lines of stalin if you omit the detail this in
most of it is partially
artificially created line of defense
fortified areas and Minsk fortified area
one of the parts of the line of stalin that is
defense line which was called not
left she proceeded on the big
throughout
that is, it covered the entire border
soviet union before it was
moved to western Ukraine not on
Baltic states
especially there we were what we did there
Well, besides the fact that we just went there
fotkali looked whether Cosimo Cosimo
recorded the video on a little bit managed
ride t-34 76 and t-44
serial version I will say right away not
everyone managed to ride them some
a little scared hardly hurt
well, just okay but not injured
morally a little scared and therefore
got off the tanks and refused to ride but
those who survived
brought with them a gigantic amount
I mean, for example, I put on dust
fresh beacon and after pokatushek on
Tankah friends this simply from T-shirt can be
feel free to donate to the Sahara Desert Museum
as if it was there that she was
impressions good dust swallowed all
my cameras never have much dust
did not see though she traveled on
a bunch of desert hot countries
sand climate me
that is, it was really
unforgettable how much dust i never
seen in my life a unit of time
this is probably the strongest thing
remember well and of course there were others
things plus but now here we are on
golden league and I hope there is still too
there will be something interesting i should be
short
on this video we will now finish
I certainly could have another forty minutes
tell or even more on this
actually put everything like
subscribe to my channel link to
he will be in the description of this video and
over on that channel and which we are all
See it bye for now